README.md, before:

# Save Custom Weight Paint Presets

This addon allows the user to save custom Weight Paint presets. Under 'editing' in the preferences users can adjust the default colors. As the default colors arent always clear its a nice feature. By dfault it only stores one preset, this addon makes it very easy to switch between them.

The added presets can then be loaded directly using the preset menu. Saved presets can be accessed directly.

If you want to copy them over, copy the folder '''custom-weight-paint-colors''' to the other systems. This is folder is stored under the following paths:

<b>OSX: </b>```/Users/{user}/Library/Application/Support/Blender/VERSION/scripts/presets/``` <br>
<b>Windows: </b>```C:\Documents and Settings\%username%\Application Data\Blender Foundation\Blender\VERSION\scripts\presets\``` <br>
<b>Linux: </b>```~/.config/blender/VERSION/scripts/presets/``` <br>

!['Example UI'](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/wiki/schroef/Save-Custom-Weight-Paint-Presets/images/save-weight-paint-presets-v002.jpg?v20210726)


### System Requirements

| **OS** | **Blender** |
| ------------- | ------------- |
| OSX | Blender 2.80+ |
| Windows | Blender 2.80+ |
| Linux | Not Tested |


### Installation Process

1. Download the latest <b>[release](https://github.com/schroef/Save-Custom-Weight-Paint-Presets/releases/)</b>
2. If you downloaded the zip file.
3. Open Blender.
4. Go to File -> User Preferences -> Addons.
5. At the bottom of the window, choose *Install From File*.
6. Select the file `save-custom-weight-paint-presets.zip` from your download location..
7. Activate the checkbox for the plugin that you will now find in the list.


### Changelog
[Full Changelog](CHANGELOG.md)

<!--
- Fill in data
 -
 -
-->

Commit message:

Added preset menu to brush menu, allows for faster switching then going to settings each time.

README.md, after:

# Save Custom Weight Paint Presets

This addon allows the user to save custom Weight Paint presets. Under 'editing' in the preferences users can adjust the default colors. As the default colors arent always clear its a nice feature. By dfault it only stores one preset, this addon makes it very easy to switch between them.

The added presets can then be loaded directly using the preset menu. Saved presets can be accessed directly. You can also quick switch preset from the brush options menu.

If you want to copy them over, copy the folder '''custom-weight-paint-colors''' to the other systems. This is folder is stored under the following paths:

<b>OSX: </b>```/Users/{user}/Library/Application/Support/Blender/VERSION/scripts/presets/``` <br>
<b>Windows: </b>```C:\Documents and Settings\%username%\Application Data\Blender Foundation\Blender\VERSION\scripts\presets\``` <br>
<b>Linux: </b>```~/.config/blender/VERSION/scripts/presets/``` <br>

!['Example UI'](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/wiki/schroef/Save-Custom-Weight-Paint-Presets/images/save-weight-paint-presets-v003.jpg?v20210728)


### System Requirements

| **OS** | **Blender** |
| ------------- | ------------- |
| OSX | Blender 2.80+ |
| Windows | Blender 2.80+ |
| Linux | Not Tested |


### Installation Process

1. Download the latest <b>[release](https://github.com/schroef/Save-Custom-Weight-Paint-Presets/releases/)</b>
2. If you downloaded the zip file.
3. Open Blender.
4. Go to File -> User Preferences -> Addons.
5. At the bottom of the window, choose *Install From File*.
6. Select the file `save-custom-weight-paint-presets.zip` from your download location..
7. Activate the checkbox for the plugin that you will now find in the list.


### Changelog
[Full Changelog](CHANGELOG.md)

<!--
- Fill in data
 -
 -
-->
